Add integration test for SDS V3 SPIFFE Auth (#2460)
spiffe/spire: test/integration/suites/envoy-sds-v3-spiffe-auth/README.md

# Envoy SDS v3 SPIFFE Auth Suite

## Description

Exercises [Envoy](https://www.envoyproxy.io/)
[SDS](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/security/secret)
compatability within SPIRE by wiring up two workloads that achieve connectivity
using Envoy backed with identities and trust information retrieved from the
SPIRE agent SDS implementation. Using [SPIFFE Validator](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/extensions/transport_sockets/tls/v3/tls_spiffe_validator_config.proto)

> for certificates handshake

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for certificates handshake.
```

> A customer container image is used that runs both Envoy and the SPIRE agent. Socat containers are used as the workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A customer container image is used that runs both Envoy and the SPIRE Agent. Socat containers are used as the workload.
```

> The test ensures both TLS and mTLS connectivity between the workload that are federated and with another workload that is not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test ensures both TLS and mTLS connectivity between the workload. This is exercised with a federated workload and also with a not federated workload.
```
